content/career.md, before:

---
title: "Career"
url: "/career/"
summary: career
---


## Resume
I love developing anything that solves real problems for users, in any industry or sector.

I've been working since 2016 when I began as an intern in my last year of university.

I have been working on the whole technology stack, although in the last 3 years I have been focused on the more visual section, close to the user because since I started in the programming world, it is the one that brought me more curiosity from the beginning.

Currently, in late 2024 May, I´m learning React with Next.js, to get new opportunities outside the Angular ecosystem and get out of my comfort zone.

## Frontend Engineer (2021 - Now)
Now, I´m working on a PWA and Control Center project with Hexagonal Architecture in the Photovoltaic industry.

A quick recap of the technologies that I´m currently using:
- Angular v16 (with Typescript)
- Jest
- Angular Testing Library
- Cypress
- RxJS
- Scss
- Webpack
- K8s & Docker
- GitHub (with this CICD)
- AWS
- Sentry
- Mixpanel
- Jira
- SCRUM Agile


## Fullstack Engineer (2019 - 2021)
During those years, I´ve worked in the Retail and Health insurance industries, in a TPV Windows desktop app and, on the other hand, a portal to report all the invoices that clinics and private practices had to report to insurers, to be paid it.

Quick recap of those technologies:
- Java
- Spring Boot
- Kotlin
- Micronaut
- Hibernate
- Microservices
- Maven
- Gradle
- Gitlab
- DB2
- PostgreSQL
- MongoDB
- K8s & Docker
- Redmine
- Kanban

## Backend Engineer (2018 - 2019)
This was my first job when I moved to Madrid after I finished my career officially. I was working on a banking project, improving the performance of the bank's document core services.

The technologies at this time were:
- Java
- Hibernate
- OracleSQL
- Bash scripting
- Clarive (artifact deployment tool)
- Trello
- Kanban

## Web Engineer (2016 - 2017)
My first job has been a while, I was building websites and e-commerce. Also did some bespoke projects based on WordPress plugins in PHP.

The first technologies were:
- WordPress
- Prestashop
- PHP
- Bash scripting
- MySQL

Commit message:

feat: update career page with late 2024 job changes

content/career.md, after:

---
title: "Career"
url: "/career/"
summary: career
---


## Resume
I love developing anything that solves real problems for users, in any industry or sector.

I've been working since 2016 when I began as an intern in my last year of university.

I have been working on the whole technology stack, although in the last 3 years I have been focused on the more visual section, close to the user because since I started in the programming world, it is the one that brought me more curiosity from the beginning.

Currently, in 2025, I´m learning Astro & Svelte, also focusing in Vite & Jenkins.

## Frontend Engineer (2024 - Now)
Now, I´m working in ticketing & culture industry.

A quick recap of the technologies that I´m currently using:
- Angular v17/18 (with Typescript)
- Svelte (beginner level)
- Astro (beginner level, but I ❤️ it)
- Jest
- Playwright
- Cypress
- RxJS
- Vite
- K8s & Docker
- GitHub
- Jenkins
- AWS
- Sentry
- Mixpanel
- Jira
- Agile


## Frontend Engineer (2021 - 2024)
During this time, I was working on a PWA and Control Center project with Hexagonal Architecture in the Photovoltaic industry.

A quick recap of the technologies that I´m currently using:
- Angular v16 (with Typescript)
- Jest
- Angular Testing Library
- Cypress
- RxJS
- Scss
- Webpack
- K8s & Docker
- GitHub (with this CICD)
- AWS
- Sentry
- Mixpanel
- Jira
- Agile


## Fullstack Engineer (2019 - 2021)
During those years, I´ve worked in the Retail and Health insurance industries, in a TPV Windows desktop app and, on the other hand, a portal to report all the invoices that clinics and private practices had to report to insurers, to be paid it.

Quick recap of those technologies:
- Java
- Spring Boot
- Kotlin
- Micronaut
- Hibernate
- Microservices
- Maven
- Gradle
- Gitlab
- DB2
- PostgreSQL
- MongoDB
- K8s & Docker
- Redmine
- Kanban

## Backend Engineer (2018 - 2019)
This was my first job when I moved to Madrid after I finished my career officially. I was working on a banking project, improving the performance of the bank's document core services.

The technologies at this time were:
- Java
- Hibernate
- OracleSQL
- Bash scripting
- Clarive (artifact deployment tool)
- Trello
- Kanban

## Web Engineer (2016 - 2017)
My first job has been a while, I was building websites and e-commerce. Also did some bespoke projects based on WordPress plugins in PHP.

The first technologies were:
- WordPress
- Prestashop
- PHP
- Bash scripting
- MySQL
